The Order service is now all set up.
So let's start to talk about the initial implementation we're going to work on.
In total, the order service, like I said, very similar in nature to ticketing.
We're going to have the list of route handlers you see right here.
All these handlers are going to eventually be accessed from our front end react application.
In total, we're going have four different route handlers.
We're going to have one that's going to essentially serve as an index action and allow a user to get
a list of all the orders that they have created over time.
So in other words, once a user starts to order tickets, once they have purchased a couple, I want
to be able to list out all the different orders that the user is involved in.
We're going to make sure that in order to access this route.
Whoever is making the request, they must be logged in or authenticated with our application because
we're going to retrieve data for the current user.
We're also going to make sure that we've got essentially the same thing but in a show kind of orientation.
So if a user tries to make a request to API orders than the ID of an order, we're going to return details
about that order.
Once again, we're going to require a user to be authenticated to access this handler.
And we're also going to make sure that a user can only retrieve details about the order that they own.
So in other words, I'm not going to be allowed to access an order that was created by a different user.
Well, then have a handler to create an order.
So when we create an order, we must provide the ticket ID or the idea of the ticket that we are trying
to purchase.
That's going to create an order.
It's going to give the user some amount of time to then pay that order or provide their credit card
details, add in a payment, get their credit card charge, and then only then will the user be in ownership
of the ticket that they were trying to order.
And then finally we are going to allow a user to cancel an order as well.
So we will have a delete endpoint that will allow a user to just cancel the order, say, I don't want
to pay for this thing, don't give it to me.
That's worth doing in total.
So with all that in mind, let's go create some root files.
We're going to put some scaffold code together just to implement these different routes inside of each
of them, and they'll start to work on the implementation shortly after that.
So inside my order's directory, I'm going to make a new folder called Routes once again.
We're going to make some files inside of here that look very similar nature to the ones we had created
back inside of tickets.
So we're going to have very similarly named index new show.
And then instead of update, we will call it delete because we're not going to have the ability to update
an order.
We will only have the ability to delete in order.
So inside of my new roots directory.
Right here I'll make a indexes.
A new yes.
So.
And delete.
Then inside the index file that we just created, we're going to write out a little bit of sample code
just to create a route handler with the appropriate method on it and the appropriate route.
And we'll copy paste that over to all these different route handlers and then wire them all up inside
the app file just to get the current import statement errors to go away.
And after that, we should be able to successfully run this project inside of our Kubernetes cluster
without getting any errors.
So inside of index keys at the very top, let's get express.
Request in response from Express.
Well then wire that up with a router.
So express router.
Now we're inside of index, which means we want to have a get request handler that's watching for requests
on API orders.
So I'm going to say router docket API orders.
And then inside of here, I'll put in our actual root handling function.
I'm going to mark it as a sink because we're probably going to have to do some async await stuff inside
of here.
Well, then put in a request, annotated as request, rez annotated as response.
And then right now, I'll just do a red send.
And I'll send back about an empty object.
And then finally I will export router as.
Index order router.
I think we might have used some slightly different terminology back inside of our tickets project or
a different semantics on the name of the router.
Oh no.
I guess we use the exact same OC that works.
Okay.
So that's good enough right now.
So we're going to copy everything inside this index file.
And then I'm going to go around and paste it to the other three files and then after pasting it, we
will go into each of the three files and update the method and the root.
So here's.
New or simply delete us inside of our order's source roots directory.
So Paste I will then find new paste and shots and paste.
So I should now have index delete new and show.
So let's go through and update the method and the route for each of these.
I'll first start off inside of Delete, so here's delete as.
So we'll change the method right there instead of get it will be a delete.
And as we just saw in this diagram, we want to specify the ID of the order that we're going to try
to delete.
So I'm going to replace the root right here with API orders and then order ID.
The diagram said we are going to have just ID, we're going to call this thing order ID so that inside
of the actual root handler we access it as a parameter called order ID just makes our code a little
bit easier to understand.
After that I will save the delete file and close it.
One more thing.
Let's make sure we update that name at the very bottom.
So I'll change this to delete order router.
Okay.
That's better.
Next up, let's take care of show.
So instead of shots, we want to make sure we can make a get request to API orders, then the order
ID.
So get to API orders.
Colin.
Order ID.
And then we will update that index right there to show instead.
I will save this and close it.
And then finally for new we want to be able to make a post request to API orders.
So inside of new we'll do post to API orders.
And then I'll change the router name on here as well.
Do.
New Order router.
Now that we've made all these updates, we're going to go back over to our app file and fix up all the
import statements inside there.
So inside my order service, I will find APTs.
We've got these import statements that were just really copy pasted over from all the ticketing stuff.
So we're going to delete all four of these.
And then replace them with for imports for the routes we just created.
So we will do an import delete order.
Router from roots delete.
I'm going to then take that import and paste it down.
Three times.
And then we'll just go through each of these and update the names.
So for the next one, we'll get the index.
So I'll change it to index or to router from roots slash index.
Next up we'll take care of new.
So new order router from roots slash new.
And then finally a show so we'll update this to show.
Order router from roots slash show.
And then finally we'll wire these up to our express application.
I'm going to copy paste these four router names.
I'll then go down to where we've got the other four routers that we had previously wired up inside of
here, inside of our ticket service.
I'm going to delete all those.
I'm going to write in the four outer names that we just put together.
And then I'll wrap each of those in an obtuse use call so you'll notice I'm doing some multi select
magic here.
Essentially all we need to do is end up with exactly this.
That's it.
So app use for delete index new and show.
And that should be it.
Okay.
Once we got that put together, we should have no more errors inside this file.
So I don't see any errors inside of here whatsoever.
I'm going to save Apt's.
And then going to check for errors inside of index toss and Nats wrapper.
I'm going to make sure I don't have any TypeScript related errors inside my project because at this
point I really do expect this to successfully run in my terminal.
So I'm going to go to index.
I don't see anything wrong inside of here.
Everything looks good to me.
And that's rapper.
No ears inside of here.
Everything looks good to me as well.
Cool.
So I'm going to make sure all those files are saved.
I should then be able to go back over to my scaffold window and see connected to nets, connected to
MongoDB and listening on port 3000.
If you do not see this, if you just see some more errors or if you just see all these same kind of
watching for changes stuff, then again, remember, you can close out scaffolds.
You might try rebuilding our image.
So rebuild the order's image entirely by doing a Docker, build inside the order's project directory
and then start scaffold back up.
And the ultimate goal here is to make sure that we see orders saying that it's connected to Nat's MongoDB
and listing on Port 3000.
And naturally, if you run into any issues, if you just can't get this thing working, you can always
take a look at my source code that is attached to this video inside of the zip file.
Just remember, if you download my zip file, you probably are going to want to update all the package.
Jason on files from using my common library to whatever your common library is instead.
Okay.
So we got our order service in a pretty good spot.
It is up and running, which means we can now start to work on these different route handlers.
So let's get started on that in just a moment.